Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/replication/rpc/standby/server/register_auth_request.mdx

### vault.replication.rpc.standby.server.register_auth_request ((#vault-replication-rpc-standby-server-register_auth_request))

Metric type | Value | Description
----------- | ----- | -----------

> summary     | ms    | Time required to service an authentication request from a standby node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary     | ms    | Time required to service a register auth request from a standby node
```
